INT. BURCH'S DUNGEON  MORNING

Solomon again awakens. He hears sounds beyond the
door...footsteps. Eventually the door opens. Enter
JAMES BURCH  who runs the slave pen  and EBENEZER
RADBURN who works as a turnkey and overseer.
As the door opens, this is the first light to seep into
the otherwise nearblack room. The shine is painful to
Solomon's eyes. With no salutation whatsoever, Burch
ASKS
BURCH
Well, my boy, how yah feel now?
Solomon rises up as best he can. With all the resolve he
can put together he states what he considers to be fact
SOLOMON
I am Solomon Northup. I am a free
man a resident of Saratoga, New
York. The residence also of my
wife and children who are equally
free. I have papers. You have no
right whatsoever to detain me
BURCH
Yah not any
SOLOMON
And I promise you  I promise 
upon my liberation I will have
satisfaction for this wrong.
BURCH
Resolve this. Produce your
papers.
25  25
With confidence Solomon goes to the pocket of his
trousers. He searches one, then the other, but they are
empty. He feels quickly about himself, but clearly his
papers have been lifted. Solomon's confidence shifts,
but to resolve rather than fear. Papers or none, he will
not be easily cowed. Still, Burch asserts
BURCH CONT'D
Yah no free man. And yah ain't
from Saratoga. Yah from Georgia.
A moment. Not a word spoken among the trio, but Solomon
and Burch do some serious eye fucking, neither man
yielding. Burch says again
BURCH CONT'D
Yah ain't a free man. Yah nuthin'
but a Georgia runaway.
Burch waits for Solomon to acquiesce. Solomon does not
in any way. Both men exchange a long and daring stare.
The two are clearly at an intellectual stand off. Burch,
leans to Radburn, SAYS SOMETHING WHICH WE CANNOT
DISTINGUISH.
Radburn walks offcamera and returns with a pair of
instruments a PADDLE  the flattened portion, which is
about the size in circumference of two open hands, and
bored with a small auger in numerous places. He also
carries a WHIP. A catonine tails a large rope of many
strands. The strands unraveled and a knot tied at the
extremity of each. Burch says again
BURCH CONT'D
Yah a runaway nigger from Georgia.
Solomon stands with a quiet stoicism. He will say
nothing of the kind.
As that is the case, Solomon is seized by both men. He is
pulled over the bench, face downward, shirt still on his
back. Radburn then STEPS ON HIS CHAINS, holding Solomon
down in a bent position.
With no preamble, Burch begins to beat Solomon about the
back with the paddle. Burch strikes him wordlessly  no
taunting, no sneering. Solomon screaming against each
blow. His back immediately SWELLING WITH WELTS AND
BRUISES.
This beating continues on and on and on until quite
literally Burch WEARS HIMSELF OUT with the effort.
Dripping in sweat and panting
25  2 25
BURCH CONT'D
Yah still insist yah a free man?
SOLOMON
...I...I insist...
Burch regrets hearing this. Not from sympathy, but
rather because he's nearly too tired to go back to
beating Solomon. Yet, as if returning to work, Burch
returns to pummeling Solomon. Burch punctuates the blows
WITH
BURCH
Yah a slave. Yah a Georgia slave!
Burch continues to strike, and strike... This time until
the paddle SNAPS IN HALF. Burch then GRABS THE WHIP.
Hardly missing a stroke, he whips Solomon relentlessly,
the flails cutting into Solomon's back. Again, Burch's
arm tires before Solomon breaks.
BURCH CONT'D
Are yah slave?
SOLOMON
...No...
Burch goes back to whipping and whipping, and whipping...
SOLOMON'S BACK IS NOW TORN OPEN WITH LACERATIONS AND
OOZING WITH BLOOD. Finally Burch can whip no more. He
pours sweat and sucks air, leaving himself just enough
energy to take up his instruments and EXIT. Radburn
lingers for a moment. He takes the irons off Solomon's
legs. Opens the window some. As he makes these
gestures, in a patronizing and confidential manner, one
wrought with poor sincerity
RADBURN
I seen a good many of the black
kind just where yah are. Sick.
Make me sick. Often times the
situation was resolved, and I
think what was all the beatin'
and abuse for? Things end as they
should, and the violence was for
naught. So why cause trouble when
they ain't no cause for it? Be of
a cooperative nature, and things
don't need be particularly
unpleasant.
Or, yah can carry on like yah
been, and I fear yah won't live to
see Sunday next.
With that thought, Radburn exits. Solomon rests. But to
rest seems like giving in to defeat. He begins pulling
25  3 25
on his chains. But for all his struggling, the chain
loosens none. Solomon calls out
SOLOMON
Help me! Someone help me!
If anyone at all hears him, they do not respond. Solomon
continues his plaintive cry for assistance.
26 26
