INT  GUARD DESK/WARDEN'S OUTER OFFICE  DAY  129
 GUARD DESKWARDEN'S OUTER OFFICE  DAY 1955 129
Dozens of parcel boxes litter the floor. WILEY, the duty 
guard, picks through them. Hadley enters, trailed by Andy.
ANDY 
What is all this? 
HADLEY 
You tell me, fuckstick! They are 
addressed to you, every damn one! 
Wiley thrusts an envelope at Andy. Andy just stares at it.
WILEY 
Well, take it. 
Andy takes the envelope, pulls out a letter, reads 
ANDY 
Dear Mr. Dufresne. In response to
your repeated inquiries, the State
Senate has allocated the enclosed
funds for your library project... 
stunned, examines check 
This is two hundred dollars. 
Wiley grins. Hadley glares at him. The grin vanishes. 
ANDY 
In addition, the Library District
has generously responded with a
charitable donation of used books
and sundries. We trust this will
fill your needs. We now consider
the matter closed. Please stop
sending us letters. Yours truly,
the State Comptroller's Office.
Andy gazes around at the boxes. The riches of the world lay at
his feet. His eyes mist with emotion at the sight. 
HADLEY 
I want all this cleared out before 
the warden gets back, I shit you not. 
Hadley exits. Andy touches the boxes like a lovestruck man
touching a beautiful woman. Wiley grins. 
WILEY 
Good for you, Andy. 
ANDY 
Only took six years. 
beat 
From now on, I send two letters a 
week instead of one. 
WILEY 
laughs, shakes his head 
I believe you are crazy enough. You 
better get this stuff downstairs 
like the Captain said. I am gonna go 
pinch a loaf. When I get back, this 
is all gone, right? 
Andy nods. Wiley disappears into the toilet, Jughead Comix in 
hand. Alone now, Andy starts going through the boxes like a 
starving man exploring packages of food. He doesn't know where 
to turn first. He gets giddy, ripping boxes open and pulling 
out books, touching them, smelling them. 
He rips open another box. This one contains an old phonograph
player, industrial gray and green, the words Portland Public
School District stenciled on the side. The box also contains
stacks and stacks of used record albums. 
Andy reverently slips a stack from the box and starts flipping 
through them. Used Nat King Coles, Bing Crosbys, etc. 
He comes across a certain album  Mozart's Le Nozze de 
Figaro. He pulls it from the stack, gazing upon it as a man 
transfixed. It is a thing of beauty. It is the Grail. 
130 