INT  CELLBLOCK FIVE  3RD TIER  DUSK  69
 CELLBLOCK FIVE  3RD TIER  DUSK 1949 69
Bogs comes up the stairs, smoking a cigarette. Not many 
cons around the place is virtually deserted. A VOICE 
echoes dimly over the P.A. system 
VOICE O.S. 
Return to your cellblocks for 
evening count. 
Bogs enters his cell. Dark in here. He fumbles for the light 
cord, yanks it. The sudden light reveals Captain Hadley six 
inches from his face, waiting for him. Mert steps in behind 
Bogs. hemming him. 
Before Bogs can even open his mouth to say what the fuck, 
Hadley rams the tip of his baton brutally into his solar 
plexus. Bogs doubles over, gagging his wind out. 
70  GROUND FLOOR 70
Ernie comes slowly around the corner, rolling a steel mop 
cart loaded with supplies. 
71  2ND TIER 71
Red is darning a sock in his open cell. He pauses, frowning, 
hearing strange THUMPING sounds. What the hell is that? 
72  3RD TIER 72
It's Hadley and Mert methodically and brutally pulping Bogs 
with their batons, and kicking the shit out of him for good 
measure. He feebly tries to ward them off. 
73  2ND TIER 73
Puzzled, Red steps from his cell, following the sound. It 
dawns on him that it's coming from above. He moves to the 
railing and leans out, craning around to look up  
74  RED'S POV 74
 just as Bogs flips over the railing and comes sailing
directly toward us, eyes bugging out, SCREAMING as he falls. 
75  RED SLOW MOTION 75
jumps back as Bogs plummets past, missing him by inches, arms 
swimming and trying to grab the railing but missing that 
too, SCREAMING aaaaalll the way down  
76  GROUND FLOOR 76
 and impacting on Ernie's gassing mop cart in an enormous 
eruption of solvents and cleansers. The cart is squashed flat, 
shooting out from under Bogs and skidding across the cellblock 
floor like a tiddly wink, kicking up sparks for thirty yards. 
Ernie is left gaping in shock at Bogs and all the Bogsrelated 
wreckage at his feet. 
77  2ND TIER 77
Red is stunned. He very tentatively leans out and looks up. 
Above him, Hadley and Mert lean on the 3rd tier railing. 
Hadley tilts the cap back on his head, shakes his head. 
MERT 
Damn, Byron. Look'a that. 
HADLEY 
Poor fella must'a tripped. 
A tiny drop of blood drips off the toe of Hadley's shoe and 
splashes across Red's upturned cheek. He wipes it off, then 
looks down at Bogs. Cons and guards are racing to the scene. 
RED V.O. 
Two things never happened again 
after that. The Sisters never laid 
a finger on Andy again... 
7B 