EXT. STREET - DAY

           Solomon and his family are out walking along the streets
           and groves of Saratoga.

           The streets are well populated this morning with many
           people out strolling. Most are WHITE, but there are
           BLACKS as well. They are FREED BLACKS who mingle fairly
           easily - though not always completely - with the whites.
           We see, too, a few BLACK SLAVES who travel with their
           WHITE MASTERS. These pairings are largely from the south
           and - despite the fact the blacks are slaves - they are
           not physically downtrodden, not field hands. They are
           well dressed and "leading apparently an easy life" -
           comparatively speaking - as they trail their masters.

           As they walk, Solomon and his family arrive to an
           intersection well-worn and muddied from horse and cart
           traffic. Solomon and his children easily jump across the
           muck. Anne stands at the lip of the puddle, calls for
           Solomon to help her across.

                          ANNE
           Solomon...
           Solomon, turning back to his wife with a broad smile
           waving her forward:

                          SOLOMON
           Come, Anne. Jump.

           The children, now smiling as well, egg their mother on.

                          ALONZO MARGARET
           Jump. You can make it. I've done it. You can make
           it.

                         

                          ANNE
           I will not ruin my dress. Catch
           me!

           Solomon moves close, holds out his arms. Yet, there's
           still just a bit of mischievousness in his eyes. Anne
           gives her husband a lightly stern look to which Solomon
           replies.

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

          3.


                          SOLOMON
           I will catch you, Anne.

                          (BEAT)
           I will.
           Again, lightly stern:

                          ANNE
           You will.

           And with that Anne takes the leap. Solomon catches her,
           swings her around grandly and sets her down lightly to
           the delighted applause of the children. That done,
           Solomon takes Anne's hand and leads her on.

           As Solomon and his family make their way, among the
           slaves on the street, we see one in particular; JASPER.
           As he trails his MASTER he can't help but note Solomon
           and his family as they enter A STORE. His intrigue of
           this most handsome and harmonious group should be
           obvious.

           With his Master occupied, Jasper moves slyly toward the
           STORE. Frozen on the spot, Jasper looks on admiringly.
           Suddenly a voice barks out-

           A VOICE (O.S.)
           Jasper! Come on!