INT. PARKING GARAGE                                                  58

DINGDING
The elevator bell sounds at the far end of the garage. The
doors open. Two men in illfitting suits get out and look
around cautiously. The first is TUCCI, a big bellied, white
haired menace. The other is HIGHAM, lean and bad skinned.
They are bodyguards and give it away by their every careful
move.
They turn back to the elevator and motion to someone inside.
Out walks SAUL BERG, a slightly overweight man in his forties
with an open collar silk shirt and a thick gold chain on his
hairy chest. He carries a LARGE ALUMINUM BRIEFCASE.
He lets his guards do the worrying. He walks straight to his
car.
Saul passes McManus under the hood of the Honda. He takes out
his keys and pushes a button on his key chain. The Mercedes
beeps three times and tells Saul his alarm is off.
Tucci keeps an eye on McManus. Higham watches Saul.
McManus pretends to tinker with the car's engine. He has put  
a pistol just inside the grill and keeps it within reach.
The van on the other side of the garage starts and pulls out
of the spot. It cruises over toward the Mercedes.
Tucci sees the van. He and Higham are suddenly busy trying to
keep track. They hear laughing behind them and turn around.
YELLOW 061194
FENSTER and HOCKNEY are walking towards them. They are
sporting mustaches and sunglasses in addition to matching
suits, each with loud plaid sport coats, decades out of
style. Saul glances at Tucci and Higham.
HIGHAM
Just get in the car Saul.
Under the hood of the Honda and out of sight, McManus pulls
on a black ski mask.
The van gets closer.
HOCKNEY
I get out of the car, and man if the
thing wasn't wrecked. And I see this
broad in the back seat with nothing on.
Saul gets in the car quickly but calmly as Fenster and
Hockney laugh and talk louder. They look drunk  The desired
effect.
HOCKNEY CONT'D
I am laughing so hard I can't breathe 
Tucci and Higham try to take it all in stride. Saul's reverse
lights come on and he begins to back out of the spot.
HOCKNEY CONT'D
...And the fat guy comes out of the car
with his pants on backwards and says 
SUDDENLY, the van revs and screeches to a halt behind Saul's
Mercedes, blocking him in. Hockney and Fenster drop the drunk
act and snap to. They both pull out guns and start screaming.
HOCKNEY CONT'D
DON'T MOVE, YOU FUCKERS.
FENSTER
RIGHT THERE. FREEZE.
McManus comes up from under the hood.                                  
Tucci and Higham throw their hands in the air. Hockney and
Fenster grab them and reach into their belts to get their
guns .
Keaton jumps out of the van and runs up to Saul's car, his
face covered in a ski mask. He yanks on the door handle but
it is locked. Saul sits in terror behind the wheel. Keaton
pulls out a pistol and smashes the window with it.
YELLOW 061194
KEATON
Give me the case.
Saul reaches over for the case. Keaton trains the gun on him.
SUDDENLY, Saul comes up with a pistol and points it at
Keaton. Keaton sidesteps and grabs his wrist. The gun goes
off into the fender of the Honda.
Hockney and Fenster both look over at the sound of the gun.
Tucci and Higham seize the opportunity. Tucci grabs Hockney,
Higham grabs Fenster. The four men grapple for the guns.
Fenster's gun falls to the floor. McManus picks it up. He
trains a pistol on each bodyguard and takes a breath. They
are some ten feet apart and moving erratically. Hockney and
Fenster constantly fall in the line of fire.
McManus walks around the four men, keeping a pistol trained
on each of the guards. Finally he comes to an angle where
they are all in front of him. One guard is a few feet away,
the other is ten feet past him.
McMANUS' P.O.V.
The closer of the two moves in and out of the sights of the
pistol in McManus' right hand, the one farther away does the
same with the left.
Verbal gets out of the van and moves towards them to help.
BOOM
Both of McManus' guns go off like one shot. Tucci and Higham
collapse, each with a bullet in his head
The only sound is Saul grappling with Keaton for the gun. His
arm is halfway out the window. His elbow rests in the door
frame.
Keaton cannot get the gun out of his hand. Finally, he pushes
down with all his weight. Saul's elbow breaks backwards on
the door frame. He screams in agony. The gun falls from his
hand.
BLUE 060194
All five of the men look at each other for an impossibly long
moment. The confusion is only aggravated by Saul's screaming.
SLOWLY, Keaton raises his pistol and aims it at Saul. His
hand trembles, his eyes squint to near slits. His finger
tenses and slacks off over and over again on the trigger.
BOOM
VERBAL SHOOTS SAUL. Keaton looks at him in surprise. Verbal
trembles more than he does.
The garage is silent.
HOCKNEY
What the hell?
McManus
Bad day. Fuck it.
DINGDING
The elevator light comes on. All five men look.
KEATON
Move.
Keaton reaches into the car and grabs Saul's case. Everyone
else piles into the van. Keaton gets in as Verbal is driving
for the exit.
59    