INT. SOZE'S HOME  LATER                                            68'

The front door opens and in walks Keyser Sate. We are never         t
allowed to see his face.
Sate's wife lies in the corner, beaten and bruised. Her dress
is tattered to shreds. She cannot look up at her husband.
The three Hungarians stand to greet him. Two hold guns in
their hands. The third holds a straight razor. He grabs
Soze youngest boy and holds the razor to his throat.
VERBAL V.O.
He comes home to his wife raped and his
children screaming. The Hungarians knew
Soze was tough. Not to be trifled with.                   
So they let him know they meant business.
The Hungarian smiles. Soze's wife SCREAMS IN HORROR.                
The Hungarian holds up a BLOOD SOAKED RAZOR.
SUDDENLY, he grabs another child. A little girl no older than
six.
VERBAL V.O.
They tell Soze they want his territory                   
all his business. Soze looks over the                    
faces of his family... Then he showed
these men of will what will really was.
SUDDENLY, Soze pulls out a pistol and shoots the two men with  
guns. He turns and aims at the third man holding his child.
The man threatens to cut the child's throat, slicing just
enough to draw blood.
SOZE FIRES.
The stunned Hungarian watches the child fall from his arms.
Sate turns the pistol on the next child, then the next and  
the next. He kills his children one by one in front of the
Hungarian.
PINK 060794
VERBAL V.O.
He tells him he would rather' see his
family dead than live another day after
this.
SOZE walks over to his wife, crying and beaten on the floor
and holds up her head. She gives him the strangest look. One
of trust perhaps, saturated with fear and humiliation.
He puts the gun between her eyes and fires.
VERBAL V.O.
He lets the last Hungarian go, and he
goes running. He waits until his wife and
kids are in the ground and he goes after
the rest of the mob. He kills their kids,
he kills their wives, he kills their
parents and their parents' friends.
A dark and looming figure of a man walks in front of a wall
of fire  a black shadow blurred by waves of heat.
VERBAL V.O.
He burns down the houses they live in and
the stores they work in, he kills people
that owe them money. And like that he was
gone. Underground. No one has ever seen
him again. He becomes a myth, a spook
story that criminals tell their kids at
night. If you rat on your pop, Keyser
Sate will get you. And nobody really ever
believes.
69 